>> Maximiliano Firtman: The next and
last pattern,
because with a multi-page application
we have less design patterns,
because we don't have JavaScript,
okay, here.
So it's about the speculation rules.
So if you are in the HTML,
it's about prefetch, so
you are in this HTML in the home, think
about this, which is the most probable or
probables recipes that you will click or
the user will click?
>> Student: The first two.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: The first two,
right, because they are bigger, larger,
so it's more probable, of course,
you can use your own stats,
you actually get real data, real user
metrics, but let's say the first two.
So how can I tell the browser
in my index.html that I want
the browser to prefetch or
prerender the first two?
How would you do that?
There is a history of different meta
tags that were available before link,
we used to have a link rel prerender.
It doesn't exist anymore,
so it was deprecated.
So that's not the case,
also, using service workers,
you can use the CacheStorage
as well to do it manually.
But now we have speculation
rules that look weird initially.
We are going to create a script,
but not in JavaScript,
with the type speculation rules.
You said, what?
Yeah, we're going to create a script
with the type speculation rules.
Inside we're going to write JSON, so
it's like metadata written
in JSON in the HTML.
And we're going to specify
that we wanna prerender,
that there is a prerender group
here that is an array of URLs.
And URLs, actually,
it's an array, URLs, yeah,
that's okay, where I can add
different URLs in an array.
For example, I can add fish-tacos.html,
that's the first one.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: And
I can have vegetarian-pho.html, like so.
Instead of prerender,
I can also use prefetch.
Remember, prefetch will just download
the HML, but not render the content,
and prerender will do all the stuff,
so that's all.
The API can get more complex,
you can use regular expressions,
there are a lot of things you can do,
you can add more groups.
If you are in the website, do I have it?
>> Student: No?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Here when you
get into Prefetch, the last chapter,
there is a link here for
the documentation, for
the speculation rules API, where you
can see that it can get complex, okay?
The rules that you can set to the browser,
okay, to actually make it work.
And, I mean, when we render this,
mostly if it's local,
we won't really see a big difference,
okay?
But now the browser will prerender
those URLs, and by the way,
the browser is or
using the best effort scenario.
So it might decide, for example,
if you're on Chrome on Android and
you are in roaming or
in Gigi for some reason,
it can decide not to prerender the URL.
So it's a best case scenario,
it's not guaranteed to happen, okay?
And the browser, when it has time and
there is nothing else to do,
the browser will say, okay, let's go and
prerender the next two elements,
so now it's faster,
they are already there, okay?
So I don't have the transition here
because I don't have the Vue transition
name, but they are already there.
And of course, then you can go here and
say, okay, what's the possible next?
On each HTML, you can set your own rule.
What's the possible next
page after this one?
Maybe the home page, well, then you
set the home page, the index.html.
And if you're using a server side
framework or library, of course,
you can create these speculation rules
APIs dynamically, based on rules or stats.
They can be a stats per user,
if the user is logged in
based on the previous navigation of
that user, blah, blah, blah, blah.